
# da14585-dat

SmartBond™ Bluetooth 5.0 SoC with Audio Interface

https://www.renesas.com/en/products/da14585?srsltid=AfmBOooWcV8GNAtOiG36Kzq7uH3nPqsYVx7_c973Kwi16WvqebZ1ooP3#overview


Benefits
- Large memory to build complex applications
- Longest battery life
- Low system Bill of Materials (BOM)

Packages
QFN-40 (5.0mm x 5.0mm x 0.9mm)
WLCSP-34 (2.4mm x 2.66mm x 0.39mm)

datasheet 

https://www.renesas.com/en/document/dst/da14585-datasheet?r=1600291


The DA14585 is an ultra-low power SoC integrating a 2.4 GHz transceiver and an ARM Cortex-M0™
microcontroller with 96 kB of RAM and 64 kB of One-Time Programmable (OTP) memory. It offers a
very fast boot time (<50 ms) and supports up to 8 Bluetooth® LE connections. It can be used as a
standalone application processor or as a data pump in hosted systems.

The radio transceiver, the baseband processor, and the qualified Bluetooth® LE stack is fully
compliant with the Bluetooth® Low Energy 5.0 standard.

The DA14585 has dedicated hardware for the Link Layer implementation of Bluetooth® Low Energy
and interface controllers for enhanced connectivity capabilities.

The Bluetooth® Low Energy firmware includes the L2CAP service layer protocols, Security Manager
(SM), Attribute Protocol (ATT), the Generic Attribute Profile (GATT) and the Generic Access Profile
(GAP). All profiles published by the Bluetooth® SIG as well as custom profiles are supported.

The device is suitable for remote control units (RCU) requiring support for voice commands, wireless
sensor nodes, Bluetooth® Mesh applications, fitness trackers, toys, and HID devices (keyboards,
mice, and so on).



## app 

- [[epaper-dat]]