# HKUPS-F-dat.md

2025-04-16

Introduction to Hong Kong UPS (HKUPS-F) Channel for Counterfeit Goods

**Product Description:**

1.  Accepts first-tier shoes, bags, clothing, F electronic products, cosmetics without liquid or powder, etc., and must be packed in cardboard boxes.
2.  Accepts built-in batteries. Products with batteries are charged starting from 1.5KG (see the notes below for countries that do not accept products with batteries). Power banks are not accepted.
3.  Advantageous service for small goods within 20KG. Please do not send liquids or powders.
4.  If the destination customs determines that the goods are branded goods or have CE, Bluetooth, HDMI, FDA, FCC, Lacey Act, DOT, or other certification issues, or if the goods are subject to local anti-dumping duties or do not meet the import requirements of the destination country, the customer needs to provide the corresponding authorization letter or certification report. If these cannot be provided, resulting in customs detention or even return of the goods, all responsibilities and related costs will be borne by the sender.

UPS will charge a service fee of EUR7.0 per shipment for customs clearance in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, and Sweden, except for customers using IOSS. This is a customs clearance fee generated by UPS customs clearance for shipments from all countries and may be passed back to the sender for payment. Please communicate the fee in advance with the local party and complete the payment.

**Price Description:**

1.  Excludes fuel surcharge, includes peak season surcharge, private residential fee is 43RMB/ticket, this fee is not limited to the country and is subject to the UPS bill, the notification is valid within 6 months!
2.  All original surcharge bills that can be provided to the agent within half a year are valid and will be settled according to the exchange rate announced by our company (including: remote area bills, overseas return bills, customs duty bills, residential fee bills, address change fee bills, etc.)
3.  The total chargeable weight of a multi-piece shipment is calculated based on the larger of the actual weight and volumetric weight of each package in the waybill, and less than 0.5KG is calculated as 0.5KG, and over 0.5KG is calculated as 1KG.

**Declaration Requirements:**

1.  If the declared value of a single ticket exceeds 120USD, a super-value customs declaration fee of 25RMB/ticket will be charged!
2.  Battery-powered goods must be declared, and a fine of 500 yuan per ticket will be imposed for undeclared goods.
3.  No restrictions on declarations and product names.

**Volumetric Weight:**

Length cm X Width cm X Height cm / 5000, the minimum starting weight for a single piece of UPS for multiple pieces of goods is 6KG.

**FBA Service:**

1.  Canada and European countries do not accept FBA and overseas warehouse address goods.
2.  The United States can accept FBA address goods, and the customs duty prepayment fee is waived.
    Other countries do not accept FBA address goods.
3.  For shipments to Amazon warehouses and overseas warehouses: the invoice must indicate the TAX ID, EORI or VAT number, and provide valid contact information for the customs clearance party, otherwise it may cause delays or additional costs. If there is no customs clearance company in the destination to pay the tax, you can only choose to prepay the tax.

**Packaging Requirements:**

Wooden box packaging, soft packaging, or poorly packaged products are not accepted.

For irregular packaging or overweight and overlength, a surcharge of 120\*fuel surcharge/piece must be added.

Non-cardboard box packaging will incur a surcharge. (Cardboard boxes wrapped in plastic wrap, cardboard boxes wrapped in plastic wrap and then pulled with yellow tape; wooden boxes, wooden frame packaging; naked packaging, woven bag packaging, reinforced plastic tape, the product's original sales box as the outer box) These will incur a non-cardboard box surcharge. Woven bags, wooden boxes, wooden frames, air boxes, and other packaged goods are no longer accepted for goods within 20kg.

**Requirements starting from 30kg:**

1.  The product name on the commercial invoice must provide the 8-digit Hong Kong Customs Code. Hong Kong Customs Code website: [https://www.censtatd.gov.hk/trader/hscode/index_tc.jsp](https://www.censtatd.gov.hk/trader/hscode/index_tc.jsp)
2.  Address change fee: calculated at RMB100/piece, with a maximum charge of RMB290/ticket (the recipient has the right to change the delivery address, and the additional fee incurred shall be borne by the freight payer. Additional fees will be incurred due to incorrect addresses or requests from the sender or recipient to change the address)
3.  Residential address delivery surcharge: RMB 33 yuan\*u/ticket, regardless of country or region, this fee is subject to the UPS bill, and the notification is valid within six months!
4.  Magnetic product surcharge +1 yuan/KG;
5.  If the actual weight is less than 23KG, the volumetric weight is calculated as 27kg;
6.  Japan: The weight of more than 2 pieces of goods must not be less than 8KG/piece. If the weight is less than 8KG, it will be charged as 8KG;
7.  Southeast Asian countries: The weight of more than 2 pieces of goods must not be less than 12KG/piece. If the weight is less than 12KG, it will be charged as 12KG;
8.  Other countries: For multiple pieces in one ticket, a single piece in multiple pieces in one ticket cannot be less than 6KG/piece;

**Return Costs:**

1.  Please confirm by yourself whether the recipient's local country can receive goods with batteries. All costs incurred due to returns caused by the recipient's local area not accepting goods with batteries shall be borne by the sender.

**Additional costs:**

1.  Address change fee: RMB100 per piece, maximum RMB280 per ticket.
2.  Remote area surcharge: RMB6 per kilogram, with a minimum charge of RMB269 per ticket; remote area fee + fuel surcharge for the current month.
3.  Tax prepayment or third-party payment: Surcharge for destination import duties and taxes, RMB150/ticket, the handling fee for third-party payment of customs duties is 120RMB/ticket.
4.  Separate customs declaration is not accepted
5.  Undeliverable fee: If the recipient refuses to accept the goods, or the goods cannot be delivered for other reasons and are returned to the place of origin, the sender must pay an additional fee of RMB68 per ticket in addition to the freight, taxes, and storage fees.
6.  Irregular or overweight and overlength goods are subject to an additional RMB125\*fuel surcharge/piece (the following are non-repetitive charges and will not be accumulated)

    *   Irregular goods
    *   Non-cardboard box packaged goods
    *   Longest side ≥118CM
    *   Second longest side ≥76CM
    *   Single piece actual weight ≥25KG (such as 24.1KG, it will be settled as 25KG)
    *   Equal to overweight conditions, and at the same time, for multiple packages in one ticket, if the average actual weight of each package exceeds or is equal to 25 kg, it is considered that a single piece is overweight and an additional fee is required.
7.  Large goods: RMB530+ fuel surcharge for the current month per piece must be added (UPS refuses to accept goods with the longest side exceeding 270CM, and single pieces with a chargeable weight exceeding 70KG are not accepted; single pieces with a chargeable weight of less than 40KG are charged according to 40KG)

    *   (Width + Height) \* 2 + Length, exceeding 330CM, not exceeding 390CM.

    The following surcharges: RMB50 and RMB480+ fuel surcharge for the current month are also repeatedly charged:

    *   Example 1: A single piece with an actual weight exceeding 68kg but less than 80kg will be charged RMB530+ fuel surcharge for the current month +RMB50/piece.
    *   Example 2: (Width + Height) \* 2 + girth greater than 290cm and less than 390cm will be charged RMB530+ fuel surcharge for the current month/piece.
    *   Example 3: If it exceeds 68KG + girth is greater than 390cm, RMB530\*2+ fuel surcharge for the current month/piece will be charged.

**Battery Requirements:**

Only one type of battery is accepted or batteries are not accepted.

**Compensation Terms:**

1.  Delays in this channel will not be compensated. If the goods are lost in our warehouse, compensation will be based on the declared value, but the maximum will not exceed USD100.
2.  If loss or damage occurs during the transit of the goods, the compensation will be based on the carrier's compensation amount, that is, the maximum compensation will not exceed USD100. For goods with higher value, it is recommended to purchase insurance by yourself. For partial loss (only part of a box of goods is lost, excluding the loss of the entire box), our company will not open a file for inquiry and there will be no compensation.
3.  Mobile phones: If lost before going online, compensation will be based on the declared value, but the compensation amount for one unit will not exceed RMB100, and the maximum compensation amount for one ticket will not exceed USD100. If lost after going online, it will be handled according to the carrier's compensation standard.
4.  Due to the special nature of counterfeit goods, there is no compensation for customs detention in the destination country through this channel. If detained by Hong Kong customs, the shipping fee will be refunded + compensation of 40RMBKG.

**Invoice Requirements:**

A commercial invoice is required for non-document express shipments (the composition and origin must be indicated when declaring).

**Countries without electricity:**

Bahrain, Brunei, Bhutan, Cambodia, Ethiopia, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Laos, Lebanon, Madagascar, Mariana Islands, Mauritius, Micronesia, Myanmar, New Caledonia, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Qatar, Seychelles, Sri Lanka, Tonga, Western Samoa, Egypt, India (excluding areas other than Mumbai), Wallis and Futuna Islands, Kiribati, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, American Samoa, Cook Islands, Tahiti, Angola, Paraguay.

**Countries with a ban on e-cigarettes:**

Andorra, Vatican, San Marino, American Samoa, Cook Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Kiribati, Micronesia Island, Marshall Islands, Micronesia Islands, New Caledonia, Northern Mariana Islands, Papua New Guinea, Palau, Rota Island, Solomon Islands, Saipan, Tahiti, Tonga, Truk, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Samoa, Wallis and Futuna Islands, Tinian.

**Contraband:**

(1) In response to the widespread use of authorized accounts to deliberately ship discs, cigarettes, first-line and second-line counterfeit goods and other illegal and non-compliant goods, a fine of RMB 10,000.00 will be imposed for each case found, and its legal liability will be investigated.

(2) A fine of 1,000 yuan/ticket will be imposed for problems such as non-compliant battery goods and dangerous packaging boxes that are found by our company or complained by Hong Kong UPS.

**Special Requirements:**

From March 1, 2023, all goods passing through or entering (EU), or Northern Ireland, Switzerland and Norway, regardless of the declared value of the goods, must have: accurate, good, complete, specific and detailed descriptions of the goods for each item in the shipment;

1.  Minimum 6-digit Customs Tariff HS CODE (Harmonized System code);
2.  Accurately declare each product in the goods (including product name description, material and use, etc.);
3.  Recipient's Economic Operator Registration and Identification (EORI) number;
4.  UPS must provide the recipient's VAT and EORI number.

These rules apply to all goods (except documents), regardless of their value.

Otherwise, all possible additional costs, as well as delays and returns caused by this, shall be borne by the sender.

**US Tariff Requirements for 2025**

Reminder of documents for goods going to the United States and Puerto Rico:

*   Documents are not affected;
*   MID is not required for direct shipment below 250USD;
*   MID is required for shipment between 250-800 USD (regardless of whether it is declared), and the IOR of this value of goods is currently not required;
*   For declared goods above 800 USD, the importer's tax number and MID must be provided for shipment.

Because the United States has cancelled the 800 USD threshold, all goods may be subject to tariffs. Please be sure to provide accurate product names, ingredients, HS Codes and other information when making the list.

**About MID:**

MID Code (Manufacturer Identification Code) is mainly used for US customs declaration, and is a substitute code for the full name and address of the manufacturer, shipper or exporter. The following are the MID Code generation rules:

1.  Country code

    *   Use the two-letter ISO code of the supplier's country. For example: • GB: United Kingdom
2.  Company name

    *   Take the first three letters of the first two "words" in the company name. For example:
        *   ABC Company → ABC
        *   L.S. Ayres Company → LSA
    *   If there is no obvious word separation in the company name, take the first six letters.
3.  Address number

    *   Extract the largest number from the address line, up to four digits. For example:
        *   236 Wendell Ford Blvd → 236
        *   1234 Main Street → 1234
4.  City name

    *   Take the first three letters of the city name. For example:
        *   St. Louis → STL
        *   London → LON

**Example**

Assume a manufacturer has the following details:

*   Company Name: ABC Company
*   Address: 236 Wendell Ford Blvd, Ste 1304
*   City: Erlanger
*   Country: United States

The MID Code is generated as follows:

1.  Country code: US
2.  Company name: ABC
3.  Address number: 236
4.  City name: ERL

The final generated MID Code is: USABC236ERL.

**Precautions**

*   The MID Code must be generated accurately according to the above rules, otherwise, the customs documents may be returned.
*   For some special cases (such as Canada), provincial codes may need to be used.
*   If the address contains multiple numbers, the largest number should be selected.

**Urgent Notice Regarding Changes to US Tariff Policy ‼‼**

On February 1, 2025, the US government issued an executive order announcing a 10% tariff increase on all goods from China. The new regulations will take effect on February 4, 2025. All goods from China to the United States will no longer enjoy the 800 USD tariff exemption policy and will be subject to an additional 10% tariff on the original tax rate (the final tariff for various products ranges from 10-60% or more).

At the same time, please be sure to fill in the cargo information truthfully when shipping, including but not limited to the product name, amount, quantity, destination country HS Code, weight, and other information, and ensure the authenticity, accuracy, and completeness of the declared information. All consequences and costs caused by the US Customs re-evaluation, detention, delay, confiscation, supplementary tax payments, and additional fines will be borne by the sender. Once your company delivers the goods, it will be deemed that you have carefully read and defaulted to abide by the above notice!

1.  US HS Code query website: [htps://rulings.cbp.gov/home](htps://rulings.cbp.gov/home)
2.  US tariff rate query website: [https://hts.usitc.gov/](https://hts.usitc.gov/)

Affected by this policy, for the goods/packages you entrust, our company will indefinitely collect US import taxes and fees from you. We will update synchronously if there are any policy updates, thank you for your understanding!
[https://hts.usitc.gov/](https://hts.usitc.gov/)

**Special Tips:**

If the customer agrees to accept our company's services, it is deemed that the customer has read in detail the notes in this price list and our company's consignment terms and accepts the constraints of each term.